Assault Vest		Holder's Sp. Def is 1.5x, but it can only select damaging moves.
Choice Band			Holder's Attack is 1.5x, but it can only select the first move it executes.
Choice Scarf		Holder's Speed is 1.5x, but it can only select the first move it executes.
Choice Specs		Holder's Sp. Atk is 1.5x, but it can only select the first move it executes.
Eviolite			If holder's species can evolve, its Defense and Sp. Def are 1.5x.
Flying Gem			Holder's first successful Flying-type attack will have 1.3x power. Single use.
Focus Sash			If holder's HP is full, will survive an attack that would KO it with 1 HP. Single use.
Leftovers			At the end of every turn, holder restores 1/16 of its max HP.
Life Orb			Holder's attacks do 1.3x damage, and it loses 1/10 its max HP after the attack.
Lum Berry			Holder cures itself if it is confused or has a major status condition. Single use.
Mental Herb			Cures holder of Attract, Disable, Encore, Heal Block, Taunt, Torment. Single use.
Power Herb			Holder's two-turn moves complete in one turn (except Sky Drop). Single use.
Rocky Helmet		If holder is hit by a contact move, the attacker loses 1/6 of its max HP.
Sitrus Berry		Restores 1/4 max HP when at 1/2 max HP or less. Single use.
Absorb Bulb			Raises holder's Sp. Atk by 1 stage if hit by a Water-type attack. Single use.
Adrenaline Orb		Raises holder's Speed by 1 stage if it gets affected by Intimidate. Single use.
Air Balloon			Holder is immune to Ground-type attacks. Pops when holder is hit.
Aloraichium Z		If holder is an Alolan Raichu with Thunderbolt, it can use Stoked Sparksurfer.
Apicot Berry		Raises holder's Sp. Def by 1 stage when at 1/4 max HP or less. Single use.
Babiri Berry		Halves damage taken from a supereffective Steel-type attack. Single use.
Berry Juice			Restores 20 HP when at 1/2 max HP or less. Single use.
Big Root			Holder gains 1.3x HP from draining/Aqua Ring/Ingrain/Leech Seed/Strength Sap.
Black Belt			Holder's Fighting-type attacks have 1.2x power.
Black Glasses		Holder's Dark-type attacks have 1.2x power.
Black Sludge		Each turn, if holder is a Poison type, restores 1/16 max HP; loses 1/8 if not.
Bright Powder		The accuracy of attacks against the holder is 0.9x.
Bug Gem				Holder's first successful Bug-type attack will have 1.3x power. Single use.
Buginium Z			If holder has a Bug move, this item allows it to use a Bug Z-Move.
Bug Memory			Holder's Multi-Attack is Bug type.
Cell Battery		Raises holder's Attack by 1 if hit by an Electric-type attack. Single use.
CharcoalHolder's 	Fire-type attacks have 1.2x power.
Charti Berry	 	Halves damage taken from a supereffective Rock-type attack. Single use.
Chesto Berry		Holder wakes up if it is asleep. Single use.
Chilan Berry		Halves damage taken from a Normal-type attack. Single use.
Chople Berry		Halves damage taken from a supereffective Fighting-type attack. Single use.
Coba Berry			Halves damage taken from a supereffective Flying-type attack. Single use.
Colbur Berry		Halves damage taken from a supereffective Dark-type attack. Single use.
Custap Berry		Holder moves first in its priority bracket when at 1/4 max HP or less. Single use.
Damp Rock			Holder's use of Rain Dance lasts 8 turns instead of 5.
Dark Gem			Holder's first successful Dark-type attack will have 1.3x power. Single use.
Darkinium Z			If holder has a Dark move, this item allows it to use a Dark Z-Move.
Dark Memory			Holder's Multi-Attack is Dark type.
Decidium Z			If holder is a Decidueye with Spirit Shackle, it can use Sinister Arrow Raid.
Draco Plate			Holder's Dragon-type attacks have 1.2x power. Judgment is Dragon type.
Dragon Fang			Holder's Dragon-type attacks have 1.2x power.
Dragon Gem			Holder's first successful Dragon-type attack will have 1.3x power. Single use.
Dragonium Z			If holder has a Dragon move, this item allows it to use a Dragon Z-Move.
Dragon Memory		Holder's Multi-Attack is Dragon type.
Dread Plate			Holder's Dark-type attacks have 1.2x power. Judgment is Dark type.
Earth Plate			Holder's Ground-type attacks have 1.2x power. Judgment is Ground type.
Eevium Z			If holder is an Eevee with Last Resort, it can use Extreme Evoboost.
Eject Button		If holder survives a hit, it immediately switches out to a chosen ally. Single use.
Electric Gem		Holder's first successful Electric-type attack will have 1.3x power. Single use.
Electric Memory		Holder's Multi-Attack is Electric type.
Electric Seed		If the terrain is Electric Terrain, raises holder's Defense by 1 stage. Single use.
Electrium Z			If holder has an Electric move, this item allows it to use an Electric Z-Move.
Expert Belt			Holder's attacks that are super effective against the target do 1.2x damage.
Fairium Z			If holder has a Fairy move, this item allows it to use a Fairy Z-Move.
Fairy Gem			Holder's first successful Fairy-type attack will have 1.3x power. Single use.
Fairy Memory		Holder's Multi-Attack is Fairy type.
Fighting Gem		Holder's first successful Fighting-type attack will have 1.3x power. Single use.
Fighting Memory		Holder's Multi-Attack is Fighting type.
Fightinium Z		If holder has a Fighting move, this item allows it to use a Fighting Z-Move.
Fire Gem			Holder's first successful Fire-type attack will have 1.3x power. Single use.
Fire Memory			Holder's Multi-Attack is Fire type.
Firium Z			If holder has a Fire move, this item allows it to use a Fire Z-Move.
Fist Plate			Holder's Fighting-type attacks have 1.2x power. Judgment is Fighting type.
Flame Orb			At the end of every turn, this item attempts to burn the holder.
Flame Plate			Holder's Fire-type attacks have 1.2x power. Judgment is Fire type.
Flying Memory		Holder's Multi-Attack is Flying type.
Flyinium Z			If holder has a Flying move, this item allows it to use a Flying Z-Move.
Focus Band			Holder has a 10% chance to survive an attack that would KO it with 1 HP.
Full Incense		Holder moves last in its priority bracket.
Ganlon Berry		Raises holder's Defense by 1 stage when at 1/4 max HP or less. Single use.
Ghost Gem			Holder's first successful Ghost-type attack will have 1.3x power. Single use.
Ghostium Z			If holder has a Ghost move, this item allows it to use a Ghost Z-Move.
Ghost Memory		Holder's Multi-Attack is Ghost type.
Grass Gem			Holder's first successful Grass-type attack will have 1.3x power. Single use.
Grassium Z			If holder has a Grass move, this item allows it to use a Grass Z-Move.
Grass Memory		Holder's Multi-Attack is Grass type.
Grassy Seed			If the terrain is Grassy Terrain, raises holder's Defense by 1 stage. Single use.
Grepa Berry			Cannot be eaten by the holder. No effect when eaten with Bug Bite or Pluck.
Grip Claw			Holder's partial-trapping moves always last 7 turns.
Ground Gem			Holder's first successful Ground-type attack will have 1.3x power. Single use.
Groundium Z			If holder has a Ground move, this item allows it to use a Ground Z-Move.
Ground Memory		Holder's Multi-Attack is Ground type.
Haban Berry			Halves damage taken from a supereffective Dragon-type attack. Single use.
Hard Stone			Holder's Rock-type attacks have 1.2x power.
Heat Rock			Holder's use of Sunny Day lasts 8 turns instead of 5.
Iapapa Berry		Restores 1/2 max HP at 1/4 max HP or less; confuses if -Def Nature. Single use.
Ice Gem				Holder's first successful Ice-type attack will have 1.3x power. Single use.
Ice Memory			Holder's Multi-Attack is Ice type.
Icicle Plate		Holder's Ice-type attacks have 1.2x power. Judgment is Ice type.
Icium Z				If holder has an Ice move, this item allows it to use an Ice Z-Move.
Icy Rock			Holder's use of Hail lasts 8 turns instead of 5.
Incinium Z			If holder is an Incineroar with Darkest Lariat, it can use Malicious Moonsault.
Insect Plate		Holder's Bug-type attacks have 1.2x power. Judgment is Bug type.
Iron Plate			Holder's Steel-type attacks have 1.2x power. Judgment is Steel type.
Kasib Berry			Halves damage taken from a supereffective Ghost-type attack. Single use.
Kebia Berry			Halves damage taken from a supereffective Poison-type attack. Single use.
Kee Berry			Raises holder's Defense by 1 stage after it is hit by a physical attack. Single use.
King's Rock			Holder's attacks without a chance to flinch gain a 10% chance to flinch.
Lagging Tail		Holder moves last in its priority bracket.
Lansat Berry		Holder gains the Focus Energy effect when at 1/4 max HP or less. Single use.
Lax Incense			The accuracy of attacks against the holder is 0.9x.
Leppa Berry			Restores 10 PP to the first of the holder's moves to reach 0 PP. Single use.
Liechi Berry		Raises holder's Attack by 1 stage when at 1/4 max HP or less. Single use.
Light Clay			Holder's use of Aurora Veil, Light Screen, or Reflect lasts 8 turns instead of 5.
Luminous Moss		Raises holder's Sp. Def by 1 stage if hit by a Water-type attack. Single use.
Magnet				Holder's Electric-type attacks have 1.2x power.
Maranga Berry		Raises holder's Sp. Def by 1 stage after it is hit by a special attack. Single use.
Marshadium Z		If holder is Marshadow with Spectral Thief, it can use Soul-Stealing 7-Star Strike.
Meadow Plate		Holder's Grass-type attacks have 1.2x power. Judgment is Grass type.
Metal Coat			Holder's Steel-type attacks have 1.2x power.
Metronome			Damage of moves used on consecutive turns is increased. Max 2x after 5 turns.
Mewnium Z			If holder is a Mew with Psychic, it can use Genesis Supernova.
Micle Berry			Holder's next move has 1.2x accuracy when at 1/4 max HP or less. Single use.
Mind Plate			Holder's Psychic-type attacks have 1.2x power. Judgment is Psychic type.
Miracle Seed		Holder's Grass-type attacks have 1.2x power.
Misty Seed			If the terrain is Misty Terrain, raises holder's Sp. Def by 1 stage. Single use.
Muscle Band			Holder's physical attacks have 1.1x power.
Mystic Water		Holder's Water-type attacks have 1.2x power.
Never-Melt Ice		Holder's Ice-type attacks have 1.2x power.
Normal Gem			Holder's first successful Normal-type attack will have 1.3x power. Single use.
Normalium Z			If holder has a Normal move, this item allows it to use a Normal Z-Move.
Occa Berry			Halves damage taken from a supereffective Fire-type attack. Single use.
Odd Incense			Holder's Psychic-type attacks have 1.2x power.
Passho Berry		Halves damage taken from a supereffective Water-type attack. Single use.
Payapa Berry		Halves damage taken from a supereffective Psychic-type attack. Single use.
Petaya Berry		Raises holder's Sp. Atk by 1 stage when at 1/4 max HP or less. Single use.
Pikanium Z			If holder is a Pikachu with Volt Tackle, it can use Catastropika.
Pikashunium Z		If holder is cap Pikachu with Thunderbolt, it can use 10,000,000 Volt Thunderbolt.
Pixie Plate			Holder's Fairy-type attacks have 1.2x power. Judgment is Fairy type.
Poison Barb			Holder's Poison-type attacks have 1.2x power.
Poison Gem			Holder's first successful Poison-type attack will have 1.3x power. Single use.
Poisonium Z			If holder has a Poison move, this item allows it to use a Poison Z-Move.
Poison Memory		Holder's Multi-Attack is Poison type.
Power Anklet		Holder's Speed is halved. The Ability Klutz does not ignore this effect.
Power Band			Holder's Speed is halved. The Ability Klutz does not ignore this effect.
Power Belt			Holder's Speed is halved. The Ability Klutz does not ignore this effect.
Power Bracer		Holder's Speed is halved. The Ability Klutz does not ignore this effect.
Power Lens			Holder's Speed is halved. The Ability Klutz does not ignore this effect.
Power Weight		Holder's Speed is halved. The Ability Klutz does not ignore this effect.
Primarium Z			If holder is a Primarina with Sparkling Aria, it can use Oceanic Operetta.
Protective Pads		Holder's attacks do not make contact with the target.
Psychic Gem			Holder's first successful Psychic-type attack will have 1.3x power. Single use.
Psychic Memory		Holder's Multi-Attack is Psychic type.
Psychic Seed		If the terrain is Psychic Terrain, raises holder's Sp. Def by 1 stage. Single use.
Psychium Z			If holder has a Psychic move, this item allows it to use a Psychic Z-Move.
Quick Claw			Each turn, holder has a 20% chance to move first in its priority bracket.
Razor Claw			Holder's critical hit ratio is raised by 1 stage.
Razor Fang			Holder's attacks without a chance to flinch gain a 10% chance to flinch.
Red Card			If holder survives a hit, attacker is forced to switch to a random ally. Single use.
Rindo Berry			Halves damage taken from a supereffective Grass-type attack. Single use.
Rock Gem			Holder's first successful Rock-type attack will have 1.3x power. Single use.
Rock Incense		Holder's Rock-type attacks have 1.2x power.
Rockium Z			If holder has a Rock move, this item allows it to use a Rock Z-Move.
Rock Memory			Holder's Multi-Attack is Rock type.
Rose Incense		Holder's Grass-type attacks have 1.2x power.
Roseli Berry		Halves damage taken from a supereffective Fairy-type attack. Single use.
Safety Goggles		Holder is immune to powder moves and damage from Sandstorm or Hail.
Salac Berry			Raises holder's Speed by 1 stage when at 1/4 max HP or less. Single use.
Scope Lens			Holder's critical hit ratio is raised by 1 stage.
Sea Incense			Holder's Water-type attacks have 1.2x power.
Sharp Beak			Holder's Flying-type attacks have 1.2x power.
Shed Shell			Holder may switch out even when trapped by another Pokemon, or by Ingrain.
Shell Bell			After an attack, holder gains 1/8 of the damage in HP dealt to other Pokemon.
Shuca Berry			Halves damage taken from a supereffective Ground-type attack. Single use.
Silk Scarf			Holder's Normal-type attacks have 1.2x power.
SilverPowder		Holder's Bug-type attacks have 1.2x power.
Sky Plate			Holder's Flying-type attacks have 1.2x power. Judgment is Flying type.
Smooth Rock			Holder's use of Sandstorm lasts 8 turns instead of 5.
Snorlium Z			If holder is a Snorlax with Giga Impact, it can use Pulverizing Pancake.
Snowball			Raises holder's Attack by 1 if hit by an Ice-type attack. Single use.
Soft Sand			Holder's Ground-type attacks have 1.2x power.
Spell Tag			Holder's Ghost-type attacks have 1.2x power.
Splash Plate		Holder's Water-type attacks have 1.2x power. Judgment is Water type.
Spooky Plate		Holder's Ghost-type attacks have 1.2x power. Judgment is Ghost type.
Starf Berry			Raises a random stat by 2 when at 1/4 max HP or less (not acc/eva). Single use.
Steel Gem			Holder's first successful Steel-type attack will have 1.3x power. Single use.
Steelium Z			If holder has a Steel move, this item allows it to use a Steel Z-Move.
Steel Memory		Holder's Multi-Attack is Steel type.
Sticky Barb			Each turn, holder loses 1/8 max HP. An attacker making contact can receive it.
Stone Plate			Holder's Rock-type attacks have 1.2x power. Judgment is Rock type.
Tanga Berry			Halves damage taken from a supereffective Bug-type attack. Single use.
Tapunium Z			If holder is a Tapu with Nature's Madness, it can use Guardian of Alola.
Terrain Extender	Holder's use of Electric/Grassy/Misty/Psychic Terrain lasts 8 turns instead of 5.
Toxic Orb			At the end of every turn, this item attempts to badly poison the holder.
Toxic Plate			Holder's Poison-type attacks have 1.2x power. Judgment is Poison type.
Twisted Spoon		Holder's Psychic-type attacks have 1.2x power.
Wacan Berry			Halves damage taken from a supereffective Electric-type attack. Single use.
Water Gem			Holder's first successful Water-type attack will have 1.3x power. Single use.
Waterium Z			If holder has a Water move, this item allows it to use a Water Z-Move.
Water Memory		Holder's Multi-Attack is Water type.
Wave Incense		Holder's Water-type attacks have 1.2x power.
Weakness Policy		If holder is hit super effectively, raises Attack, Sp. Atk by 2 stages. Single use.
White Herb			Restores all lowered stat stages to 0 when one is less than 0. Single use.
Wide Lens			The accuracy of attacks by the holder is 1.1x.
Wise Glasses		Holder's special attacks have 1.1x power.
Yache Berry			Halves damage taken from a supereffective Ice-type attack. Single use.
Zap Plate			Holder's Electric-type attacks have 1.2x power. Judgment is Electric type.
Zoom Lens			The accuracy of attacks by the holder is 1.2x if it moves after its target.
Abomasite			If holder is an Abomasnow, this item allows it to Mega Evolve in battle.
Absolite			If holder is an Absol, this item allows it to Mega Evolve in battle.
Adamant Orb			If holder is a Dialga, its Steel- and Dragon-type attacks have 1.2x power.
Aerodactylite		If holder is an Aerodactyl, this item allows it to Mega Evolve in battle.
Aggronite			If holder is an Aggron, this item allows it to Mega Evolve in battle.
Alakazite			If holder is an Alakazam, this item allows it to Mega Evolve in battle.
Altarianite			If holder is an Altaria, this item allows it to Mega Evolve in battle.
Ampharosite			If holder is an Ampharos, this item allows it to Mega Evolve in battle.
Audinite			If holder is an Audino, this item allows it to Mega Evolve in battle.
Banettite			If holder is a Banette, this item allows it to Mega Evolve in battle.
Beedrillite			If holder is a Beedrill, this item allows it to Mega Evolve in battle.
Blastoisinite		If holder is a Blastoise, this item allows it to Mega Evolve in battle.
Blazikenite			If holder is a Blaziken, this item allows it to Mega Evolve in battle.
Blue Orb			If holder is a Kyogre, this item triggers its Primal Reversion in battle.
Burn Drive			Holder's Techno Blast is Fire type.
Cameruptite			If holder is a Camerupt, this item allows it to Mega Evolve in battle.
Charizardite X		If holder is a Charizard, this item allows it to Mega Evolve in battle.
Charizardite Y		If holder is a Charizard, this item allows it to Mega Evolve in battle.
Chill Drive			Holder's Techno Blast is Ice type.
Deep Sea Scale		If holder is a Clamperl, its Sp. Def is doubled.
Deep Sea Tooth		If holder is a Clamperl, its Sp. Atk is doubled.
Diancite			If holder is a Diancie, this item allows it to Mega Evolve in battle.
Douse Drive			Holder's Techno Blast is Water type.
Galladite			If holder is a Gallade, this item allows it to Mega Evolve in battle.
Garchompite			If holder is a Garchomp, this item allows it to Mega Evolve in battle.
Gardevoirite		If holder is a Gardevoir, this item allows it to Mega Evolve in battle.
Gengarite			If holder is a Gengar, this item allows it to Mega Evolve in battle.
Glalitite			If holder is a Glalie, this item allows it to Mega Evolve in battle.
Griseous Orb		If holder is a Giratina, its Ghost- and Dragon-type attacks have 1.2x power.
Gyaradosite			If holder is a Gyarados, this item allows it to Mega Evolve in battle.
Heracronite			If holder is a Heracross, this item allows it to Mega Evolve in battle.
Houndoominite		If holder is a Houndoom, this item allows it to Mega Evolve in battle.
Kangaskhanite		If holder is a Kangaskhan, this item allows it to Mega Evolve in battle.
Latiasite			If holder is a Latias, this item allows it to Mega Evolve in battle.
Latiosite			If holder is a Latios, this item allows it to Mega Evolve in battle.
Light Ball			If holder is a Pikachu, its Attack and Sp. Atk are doubled.
Lopunnite			If holder is a Lopunny, this item allows it to Mega Evolve in battle.
Lucarionite			If holder is a Lucario, this item allows it to Mega Evolve in battle.
Lucky Punch			If holder is a Chansey, its critical hit ratio is raised by 2 stages.
Lustrous Orb		If holder is a Palkia, its Water- and Dragon-type attacks have 1.2x power.
Manectite			If holder is a Manectric, this item allows it to Mega Evolve in battle.
Mawilite			If holder is a Mawile, this item allows it to Mega Evolve in battle.
Medichamite			If holder is a Medicham, this item allows it to Mega Evolve in battle.
Metagrossite		If holder is a Metagross, this item allows it to Mega Evolve in battle.
Metal Powder		If holder is a Ditto that hasn't Transformed, its Defense is doubled.
Mewtwonite X		If holder is a Mewtwo, this item allows it to Mega Evolve in battle.
Mewtwonite Y		If holder is a Mewtwo, this item allows it to Mega Evolve in battle.
Pidgeotite			If holder is a Pidgeot, this item allows it to Mega Evolve in battle.
Pinsirite			If holder is a Pinsir, this item allows it to Mega Evolve in battle.
Quick Powder		If holder is a Ditto that hasn't Transformed, its Speed is doubled.
Red Orb				If holder is a Groudon, this item triggers its Primal Reversion in battle.
Sablenite			If holder is a Sableye, this item allows it to Mega Evolve in battle.
Salamencite			If holder is a Salamence, this item allows it to Mega Evolve in battle.
Sceptilite			If holder is a Sceptile, this item allows it to Mega Evolve in battle.
Scizorite			If holder is a Scizor, this item allows it to Mega Evolve in battle.
Sharpedonite		If holder is a Sharpedo, this item allows it to Mega Evolve in battle.
Shock Drive			Holder's Techno Blast is Electric type.
Slowbronite			If holder is a Slowbro, this item allows it to Mega Evolve in battle.
Soul Dew			If holder's a Latias/Latios, its Dragon- and Psychic-type moves have 1.2x power.
Steelixite			If holder is a Steelix, this item allows it to Mega Evolve in battle.
Stick				If holder is a Farfetch'd, its critical hit ratio is raised by 2 stages.
Swampertite			If holder is a Swampert, this item allows it to Mega Evolve in battle.
Thick Club			If holder is a Cubone or a Marowak, its Attack is doubled.
Tyranitarite		If holder is a Tyranitar, this item allows it to Mega Evolve in battle.
Venusaurite			If holder is a Venusaur, this item allows it to Mega Evolve in battle.
Aguav Berry			Restores 1/2 max HP at 1/4 max HP or less; confuses if -SpD Nature. Single use.
Aspear Berry		Holder is cured if it is frozen. Single use.
Binding Band		Holder's partial-trapping moves deal 1/6 max HP per turn instead of 1/8.
Cheri Berry			Holder cures itself if it is paralyzed. Single use.
Destiny Knot		If holder becomes infatuated, the other Pokemon also becomes infatuated.
Enigma Berry		Restores 1/4 max HP after holder is hit by a supereffective move. Single use.
Figy Berry			Restores 1/2 max HP at 1/4 max HP or less; confuses if -Atk Nature. Single use.
Float Stone			Holder's weight is halved.
Iron Ball			Holder is grounded, Speed halved. If Flying type, takes neutral Ground damage.
Jaboca Berry		If holder is hit by a physical move, attacker loses 1/8 of its max HP. Single use.
Macho Brace			Holder's Speed is halved. The Ability Klutz does not ignore this effect.
Mago Berry			Restores 1/2 max HP at 1/4 max HP or less; confuses if -Spe Nature. Single use.
Oran Berry			Restores 10 HP when at 1/2 max HP or less. Single use.
Pecha Berry			Holder is cured if it is poisoned. Single use.
Persim Berry		Holder is cured if it is confused. Single use.
Rawst Berry			Holder is cured if it is burned. Single use.
Ring Target			The holder's type immunities granted solely by its typing are negated.
Rowap Berry			If holder is hit by a special move, attacker loses 1/8 of its max HP. Single use.
Wiki Berry			Restores 1/2 max HP at 1/4 max HP or less; confuses if -SpA Nature. Single use.